Hello, sorry for the inconvenience, but it looks like my unban appeal was too heavy, so Dyno didn’t let me write my whole unban appeal.
Therefore, here is the full unban appeal:

So, it has now been a while since I've been banned from the Tower Creator Discord server. So, you've probably read my ban reasons, in case you didn't know them, so I'm not going to explain everything about what exactly happened. In fact, I don't even remember what happened back then. But what I know is that all of that happened a long time ago (it was around 2021 if I remember correctly), and I was wondering if I'd be forgiven for what I've done in the past. I think that what I've done in the game and what I've done in the discord server are two different things, so I am going to focus on what I've done in the discord server, since this is an unban appeal for the server. So, because of the drama, the violated rules, [...], I've been banned from the Discord server, which is 100% understandable. I totally understand your decision, and, to be honest, it would not even make sense if you didn’t ban me.
And so, I've already made an unban appeal in the past, that led to my unban in the Discord server, but, after a deep review of the rules, moderators decided to ban me again, since I should not have been unbanned. Again, that is still understandable and reasonable since the ban was supposed to be permanent.
Then, not too long ago, when I had to make a new main account for Discord (since these idiots from the discord moderation team decided to delete my main for being in a Roblox UGC Discord server), I've decided to join the Tower Creator Discord server once again to see what would happen. And it seemed that my comeback was pretty much accepted by everyone (nobody really hated me anymore, and the chat was pretty chill). And, once again, moderators banned me for rejoining the Discord server, which is understandable since I was banned on my old main account. But they told me that I could fill an unban appeal if I wished to come back, and I didn’t really care, so I just forgot about what happened. But in the end, I just decided to still fill the appeal, thinking that it’s still worth a try, even though I’m not really optimistic about getting unbanned.

Anyway, I don’t think I have anything else to say. And, despite the fact that the grammar in my unban appeal may be far from the perfection, I hope that it was still readable, and that you understood what I said.

Sincerely,
Mimibienv / @notmimibienv
<@1146087499240853624>
